fix(typo): Various typo fixes (#9752)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/hai/hai news.txt

		word
			`"`
		word

> 			"At first I thought that joining the Unfettered would be fun. Now I can't go back or my crew members will beat me."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			"At first I thought that joining the Unfettered would be fun. Now I can't go back or my crewmembers will beat me."
```

"[crewmember](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/crewmember)" is actually fine as a gender neutral form of "crewman".
